everybody I'm Sean hammering the
musikmesse2011 at the mode machines
booth the small boot may have a larger
Bertha but this is Stefan Stefan how's
it going so you guys have a new pedal
called krautrock fazer krp one from old
machines it's an old as a rebuilding
from the old Schulte compact facing a
used by craft berg maybe legendary band
kraftwerk yeah it's about it so it's a
all analog system you have a lamp in it
with four sensors which do the do the
regular the yeah the range and you can
can move all the four you need from left
to right we have phasing now facing
oscillator period this is a fast or slow
the feedback itself the effect itself
you know I can control you a few
different flavors
maybe nofx
Oh much effect and noise so you can you
can use it also as like a chorus it's
very fine uuuu uuuu uuuu uuuu uuuu uuuu
uuuu uuuu uuuu so this face is very fine
you can use it in a studio environment
what sort of connections do we have on
the top panel okay it's all stereo left
right you have an input power and you've
got to two inputs for expression pedals
can all also adjusted over which
parameters do those control you can
control the facing and the oscillation
period oh where can people go online to
find out more about these at mote
machines calm cool are there any other
sounds you want to let us hear before we
go
you
Wow
cool all right so people want to learn
more about these they can go to mode
machines com yes thank you Stefan thank
you I'm Sean Hammond you're watching
premier guitar com